Fix broken links (#1784)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/integrations-in-rancher/cluster-api/overview.md

1. Click **Rancher Turtles - the Cluster API Extension**.
1. Click **Install > Next > Install**.

> This process uses the default values for the Helm chart, which are good for most installations. If your configuration requires overriding some of these defaults, you can either specify the values during installation from the Rancher UI or you can [manually install the chart via Helm](#installing-via-helm). For details about available values, see the Rancher Turtles [Helm chart reference guide](https://turtles.docs.rancher.com/turtles/next/en/operator/chart.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process uses the default values for the Helm chart, which are good for most installations. If your configuration requires overriding some of these defaults, you can either specify the values during installation from the Rancher UI or you can [manually install the chart via Helm](#installing-via-helm). For details about available values, see the Rancher Turtles [Helm chart reference guide](https://turtles.docs.rancher.com/turtles/v0.18/en/operator/chart.html).
```

:::info

> For detailed information on the values supported by the chart and their usage, refer to [Helm chart options](https://turtles.docs.rancher.com/turtles/next/en/operator/chart.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information on the values supported by the chart and their usage, refer to [Helm chart options](https://turtles.docs.rancher.com/turtles/v0.18/en/operator/chart.html).
```

:::

#### Installing Rancher Turtles without `Cluster API (CAPI) Operator` as a Helm dependency

:::note

> Remember that if you opt for this installation option, you must manage the CAPI Operator installation yourself. You can follow the [manual installation guide](https://turtles.docs.rancher.com/turtles/next/en/operator/manual.html) in the Rancher Turtles documentation for assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that if you opt for this installation option, you must manage the CAPI Operator installation yourself. You can follow the [manual installation guide](https://turtles.docs.rancher.com/turtles/v0.18/en/operator/manual.html) in the Rancher Turtles documentation for assistance.
```
